README.md, before:

# dynamic-react-base-template
## Requirements:
- Node@18+
- npm@9+
- @modyo/cli@latest

## Installation and initial setup
The best way to install this template is using the [modyo-cli](https://docs.modyo.com/en/platform/channels/cli.html)
```console
npx @modyo/cli@latest get dynamic-react-base-template my-project
cd my-project
npm i
npm run start
```

### Setup
1. Change the property name in `package.json` to the name of your project
2. Change the root `id` in `public/index.html:36` and `src/index.tsx:16`

**Note**: The root id should be _unique_ in your site and it should be written in camelCase.

## Deployment to Modyo and CI
To be able to deploy to Modyo configure the following variables in an `.env` file or as part of the Continuous Integration:
```yaml
# The url base of the organization in Modyo
MODYO_ACCOUNT_URL=https://my-org.modyo.cloud/
# Where you will deploy your micro frontend, you can use either the host or the ID but not both.
# MODYO_SITE_HOST=my-site
MODYO_SITE_ID=65
# The token authorizing the deployment, taken from Modyo
TOKEN=gT0ogW43lSy4nV9cYtc_hH0i_sUNq01q-12ptFzoW8
# The major version of the Modyo platform where the deployment will take place (8 or 9)
VERSION=9
# The name of the directory that contains the bundle of the micro frontend
BUILD_DIRECTORY=build
# The name that will identify your Micro Frontend in Modyo
WIDGET_NAME=my-project
# This directive is necessary to safely remove some libraries from the liquid parser
MODYO_DISABLE_LIQUID_REGEX=raw
```

Commit message:

chore: readme update
This is a minor change with a revision to align the text to the Modyo guideline and to include links to documentation.

Changes:
 - Updated Node versions required to display Node LTS (20.12).
 - Updated NPM versions required to display the Node LTS companion version.
 - Removed line numbers in the prompts because they were incorrect and difficult to maintain.
 - Revised the environment variable information text to follow Modyo guidelines.
 - Included links to documentation

README.md, after:

# dynamic-react-base-template
## Requirements:
- Node@20+
- npm@10+
- @modyo/cli@latest

## Installation and initial setup
The best way to install this template is using the [modyo-cli](https://docs.modyo.com/en/platform/channels/cli.html)

```console
npx @modyo/cli@latest get dynamic-react-base-template my-project
cd my-project
npm i
npm run start
```

### Setup
1. Change the property name in `package.json` to the name of your project
2. Change the root `id` property to your project name in `public/index.html` and `src/index.tsx`

**Note**: The root id should be _unique_ in your site and it should be written in camelCase.

## Deployment to Modyo and CI
For deploying your project to Modyo and integrating it with your CI/CD pipeline, follow these steps:

Configure the necessary environment variables in an `.env` file or as part of your CI settings:

```yaml
# Base URL of your Modyo organization
MODYO_ACCOUNT_URL=https://my-org.modyo.cloud/

#Either the host or the ID where you will deploy your micro frontend (not both)
# MODYO_SITE_HOST=my-site
MODYO_SITE_ID=65

# Token for authorizing the deployment, obtained from Modyo
TOKEN=gT0ogV43LSy4nV9cYtc_hH0i_rUFa01q-12ptFzoW8

# Major version of the Modyo platform where the deployment will take place (8 or 9)
VERSION=9

# Directory containing the micro frontend bundle
BUILD_DIRECTORY=build

# Name to identify your Micro Frontend in Modyo
WIDGET_NAME=my-project

# Directive necessary for safely removing some libraries from the liquid parser
MODYO_DISABLE_LIQUID_REGEX=raw
```

## Learn More
Find more information about microfrontends and configuration details on [Modyo Docs](https://docs.modyo.com) & [Modyo Community](https://www.modyo.com/community)
